Um, because there are awful men out there, but there's also men.
They're nice. And they're going to be nice to you.
Some awful women out there who do have other agendas when they come out with
these me-too games.
What you're seeing. I mean, we're seeing these cases now, you know,
we're seeing these cases get exposed for what they are, you know, and it, it,
it, it,
the problem is that it cast doubt on legitimate cases.
What is going on with my throat,
something about these caveman coffees really early in the morning.
Let me think. I'm good though. Sometimes I'm like.
Did you think, uh, if you're in Lucy case shoes,
do you think he came back too soon?
I don't think it's that he came back too soon.
And what I honestly think is he should say something more than what he
already said.
Not just go up, like, it's all good. And like.
There's not just, I mean, he said he put out a release, a statement,
these stories are true. They happened a long time ago. Right.
They happened like more than a decade ago. I think he should.
And I think it might be even better to release a video rather than,
um, than a written statement. Because a written statement, the problem is like,
it's impersonal, it's personal stake. Well, it's not even, not only that it,
see, it's not as impactful. I want us, when, what is he going to say? It's like,
I can't fix it.
Maybe if he donated a certain amount of money to certain causes or,
you know, spent, you know,
time in therapy or talked about it and it's,
and maybe expressed himself and said that, what was,
you know, what was going on through, through, through,
in his mind during that time,
when he did the thing and why it was wrong and how he's changed his,
his way and how bad he feels about it, how he's apologized.
He has daughters. I think,
I think you get all that done by just doing a video with this.
I think you'd go so much further form if you didn't have a big production,
nothing. And he's a creative dude, obviously a great comedian.
If you just went off the top of his head,
straight into the camera and post on Instagram, I was like, Hey man,
I I've paid a price. I've learned.
I have daughters is a horrible thing that I did.
Did you mean even stay away from I've paid a price because people don't really
want to hear that. Like, what is the price?
But they don't think he has. Well, they do.
They're crazy.
They don't realize that they think always find this,
get back on the road and Torrens going to be a millionaire. Well,
he buys a ton of, ton of money off his shows, FX deals.
And more importantly,
his daughters have this image of him being this guy jerks off.
In front of women. That's never going to go away either. No. So that's,
that's a pretty heavy stamp, which is deserved.
Maybe not forever. Yeah.
But it's, it's a complicated issue, you know, it's complicated.
Like what was the psychology?
What was going on in his mind that allowed him to do that?
Apparently just started going up again. He just went up again Sunday night.
Yeah. He just.
Went, he went up and I guess the owner of the club was like, dude, I,
I didn't know I was asleep and went up, you know,
it's the crowd's discretion if they want to stay or leave. But.
Well, the first time the,
the owner was upset and the second time they said something along the lines of,
if anyone has an issue with someone stops in AKA, Louie, I mean,
it's only Louie, maybe Aziz, I guess really? Well.
Apparently some people got upset about Aziz too. Yeah. They do look.
People just like targets. They like targets.
They like negativity.
They liked negativity, but they also like targets.
When they find someone who's a viable target,
someone who's done something they can criticize and then get.
What have you done?
Yep. You know,
they there's people that just want to decide that someone's a horrible person
and they don't have this really well thought out
comprehensive view of the situation. They just attack. You know, this,
a lot of those people out there, man. And they think that they're justified,
particularly if that person is famous and they're not,
they think it's fair game. Yup. Public forums.
So people were definitely upset at Aziz, but much, much more upset about Louie.
Oh, a hundred percent.
Will you stop and think about what Louis actually did creepy. Yes.
Asked women if he could jerk off in front of him. They said, yes, he did it.
If they said, no, he didn't. I mean, it's,
it's look if you're working with a guy like that and he's like,
can I jerk off in front of me? Like Jesus Christ. He imagined what the.
It's a work environment for shareable. And he is not handsome.
Lou, I love you. Brutal. You know what I'm saying? He's harsh on the eyes.
It's not like Brad, Pitt's asking to Jack off in front of him.
Not that it's ever. Right.
But it do less on the it's on the feelings of Brad Pitt's yanking in front of
you.
Yeah. I mean all of it, all of it's no bueno. It's a whole mess. Yeah.
I mean, he obviously had some sort of a weird kink.
You know, I wonder what that is. Probably starting in childhood.
Maybe he got caught and then got off on it. Right. Or you just never got chicks.
And now he has this power because such a.
He didn't have the power when he started doing it though. Man,
when he started doing, he wasn't really famous. He was respected,
but he wasn't famous. No. Which is why it's, um,
you know, it's, it's awful, but it's,
it's just the thing that he's stuck with now.
So he's got to figure out how to ingratiate himself.
He's got to figure out how to, to re emerge.
And I think he can do it.
I think he can do it.
He can do it. Look, he's not an awful person.
I just think he did some stupid things that are really gross and weird.
But if he just, I mean, he, and he has owned up to it. I think he just,
you know, make some sort of a sincere apology and then does something like,
what could you do to, to, I mean, do you help.
Female comics maybe do a, do a.
That he's trying to help.
But a lot of people accused him of trying to help them to try to cover up his
tracks.
Ah, well, man, you gotta, you have to do something. He gets to go back.
The work. Yeah. I mean, it's been a year now, right?
It's a year next month I think to expect him
to just never work again. Seems ridiculous. And to not forgive him,
there has to be a path, uh,
to redemption for anyone who's done anything other than actual rape or
murder, right? Like for bill Cosby, I'm very happy. He's locked up.
I think what he did is awful.
Can you imagine being one of those girls that turned to him as a mentor and you
wake up and you, you know, you're,
you've been violated while you're out cold and you're dogged and you're
confused.
And bill Cosby did it to you and who the is going to believe that his image is
that's the thing about Louis, right? Like Louie's image was like,
he's a pervert, he's a weirdo. He's always talking about jerking off.
Like when you found out Louie CK, Ascot girls,
if he could jerk off in front of him and then did it,
it's like not the most surprising. No, but with bill Cosby,
it's, here's a guy who is, and I'm not comparing the,
the acts at all, but I'm just saying, as far as like famous people,
who've done something that, you know, became a scandal.
But bill with bill Cosby, he was this moral guy.
He was this like ethics guy. And he wore sweater. America's dad.
He was America's dad.
And to find out that that guy was drugging and raping women,
he's in jail right now, which is crazy.
Right. He's going to die. I give it over under a week.
Do you think that's the way it goes with those old dudes? Really? Yeah. He's 81.
His eyes are shot crazy. He can't see, I think the ones good,
but the last ones all over the place, which one is.
The one I thought the right one was white.
Ah, it's I think it's this one, but it is to look in the wrong.
It's.
Going on its own way. That's what you get, man. That's I'm going to die.
I think, um, I think, uh,
a path to redemption or a path to retribution would be, uh,
would be good. A path to forgiveness.
That's that's the thing that's important for all,
all human beings. Who've made mistakes. I think we can just cast people out.
If they've made mistakes.
It's important to,
with all this stuff is like Lucy Kay got lumped in with the big dogs like bill
Cosby and Harvey Weinstein, then there's going to be CK. And man,
there was definitely different levels to this. Yes. These crash.
No question.
How about one that flies under the radar, especially here in America.
And I was just reading about it, how true it is. Who knows with Ronaldo who,
you know, in, in soccer as, as your boy, uh, in, in Edwards, I mean, there's,
there's a super superstar.
Superstar.
It would be like a, it'd basically be like Connor McGregor getting caught,
doing something for in world. It's a big deal. This is a new one. Yeah. This,
this girl, you know, he said, she said he kept telling him no.
And then he ain't really raped her. And then, uh,
paid her $375,000 to keep quiet. Now she coming back out,
but who knows human beings,
we capable of such amazing things and such awful things.
I have to look that up. Jamie. I might've been drained. No,
I think you're right about that. My brother told me about he's usually on it.
That's what I just read in the New York post. Yeah.
We should probably go back to fights. Right? Renata likes that booty. Uh, yeah,
we should go back to fight.